(fighting)
(LILI exertion)
(LIGER growling)
(LIGER roar)
Fire B‐ (startled)
[BELL] Huh? Miss Aisha?
What the..?
[AISHA] If you're angry,
you'll have to take it up
with an erratic goddess!
(fighting)
[AISHA] Otherwise...
[BELL, internal] She's fast...!
You only have
yourself to blame
for attracting
her attention!
[BELL, internal]
And she's strong...!
[BELL] Is she really a
lvl. 3 like me?!
[BELL] (wincing in pain)
This is bad...!
(AISHA smug laugh)
[MIKOTO] Master Bell!
[AISHA] Well well.. How did
you manage to find us? Hmm?
Not that that really
matters in the end..
(fighting)
(AISHA sadistic evil laughter)
(BELL pained gasp)
[PHRYNE] Young man are you
okay? Now go to sleep.
Ladies.. leave the
Dungeon immediately!
[AISHA] We must prepare!
[HARUHIME] Miss Aisha...
Please don't tell me the
target we were after this
whole time was him?
That's right.. It's per
Lady Ishtar's orders.
(PHRYNE slurp)
[OPENING SONG, "HELLO to DREAM"]
(BELL coming to) (gasp)
Where am I...?
[PHRYNE] Wakey wakey.. (chuckle)
(BELL gasp)
(PHRYNE chuckle)
(BELL terrified scream)
[AISHA] Find that damn toad!
[AISHA] That hag. She stole
the Little Rookie so she
could devour him whole!
[AISHA] If she has her
way with him, there won't
be anything left.
(HARUHIME gasp)
[AISHA] Report back
as soon as you find her!
[AISHA] Now go!
(HARUHIME panting)
(keys clattering)
(MIKOTO waking up)
[HARUHIME] Forgive me.
Uh Lady Haruhime?
Please wait. (dazed)
(BELL struggling,
chains clanking)
(PHRYNE laughing, salivating)
[BELL] (panic) N‐no!
Just as I thought.
[PHRYNE] You look scrumptious!
(BELL wince)
(PHRYNE slurp)
[PHRYNE] Okay, morsel...
[PHRYNE] What sort of
fun shall we have?
(BELL gasp) (panic) (struggling)
You can squirm all you want.
No one's ever escaped
my private chamber.
[PHRYNE] Oh, and feel free to
scream; it only excites me more.
(BELL scared) (shock)
(PHRYNE toad laugh)
[PHRYNE] What a tasty face.
[PHRYNE] I can hardly wait!
[PHRYNE] Now, let's get started
(BELL "ball grabbin" yelp)
[PHRYNE] Hmph.
Now, that won't do.
[PHRYNE] Wait here. I have a
drug that will fix that.
(BELL mortified)
[PHRYNE] It never fails
to make men want me.
[PHRYNE] You won't be able
to keep your hands off this
juicy thickness.
(BELL horrified)
[PHRYNE] Soon, you'll be humping
like the rabbit you are.
[PHRYNE] (toad laughter)
Get ready boy. I'm going
to wear you out.
[BELL] I've gotta
get out of here!
(BELL struggling)
(BELL gasp)
Master Cranel?
Aah‐Miss Haruhime!
(blubbering)
Shhh! Shh! lower your
voice.. she'll come back
There. You're free.
(BELL sobbing)
(HARUHIME surprised)
[BELL] I was so
frightened! (sobbing)
Um‐Master Cranel, are you..?
(HARUHIME concerned) (smile)
So...? Anything?
[AMAZONESS B] No, they
weren't back there.
Damn. What a royal
pain in the ass!
[AMAZONESS C] Where
the hell did they go?!
[MIKOTO] (tense) Master Bell?
[MIKOTO] Yata no Shiro‐garasu!
[MIKOTO] He must be
out of range...
Just where could he be?
[AMAZONESS D] He's got to
be somewhere in the building!
Find him!
(angry growling)
[PHRYNE] Haruhime!
[BELL] I had no idea there were
secret passageways around here.
Yes.. If we follow the path..
we can get to the red‐light
district without being seen.
By the way, thank you so
much.. for rescuing me.
Oh.. What about
Miss Mikoto?
Don't worry Bell I already gave
her the keys to the cell.
[HARUHIME] And knowing her, I'm
sure she'll find her way out.
(BELL relieved)
But are you going to get
in trouble, Miss Haruhime?
If they find out that you
helped me escape won't they‐
[HARUHIME] I'm sure Miss Phryne
has already realized it was me.
[BELL] Huh?
Only I know about her
private chamber...
but please don't worry.
(HARUHIME gasp)
(scared)
Tell no one what
you saw here, fox.
[BELL] No way! Then doesn't
that mean you're in danger?!
(HARUHIME sad smile)
[HARUHIME] None of
it matters now.
(BELL confused)
(MIKOTO sigh)
[MIKOTO] What is this room...?
And what's a "Killing
Stone ritual"...?
[BELL] Why did you say
"none of it matters now."?
It's fine, please
don't be concerned.
[BELL] Huh?
Setting the two of you free will
be my final act of selfishness.
I'm sure Miss Aisha and
the others will forgive
me just this once.
[HARUHIME] Is something
the matter?
No.. I just... U‐Um..
Miss Haruhime...
[HARUHIME] Yes?
I wanted to tell you..
we've come up with a way
to pay for your release!
(HARUHIME gasp)
(BELL excited)
Miss Mikoto and I have a plan!
And our entire Familia's
on board too!
[BELL] It might take us just a
little bit longer to earn enough
money though...
[BELL] Miss Mikoto and I..
really want to help you!
(BELL confused)
[BELL] Miss Haruhime...?
I'm sorry.. I just feel
so incredibly lucky.
To think that you and Mikoto
would go through such
trouble for me...
By just hearing your
kind words.. I no longer
have any regrets.
Huh?
[HARUHIME] Let's go..
Master Cranel.
[ALLEN] What a complete
waste of my time..
Damn that rabbit...
[TAKEMIKAZUCHI] I see...
So you're going up against
the Ishtar Familia?
[LILI] We think so.
The last place we saw
Lady Mikoto and Master Bell..
we spotted several Amazons
fleeing from the area..
[LILI] We even recognized a few
from the red‐light district.
Yeah but.. what would be their
motive..? And why would they
kidnap those two...?
(TAKEMIKAZUCHI ponder)
[CHIGUSA] Um. It may..
...have to do
with Haruhime.
Perhaps they caught word of
their plan to free her...
maybe they're trying
to stop them?
[LILI] I dunno...
I can't imagine a Familia of
their size would go so far
to protect a low‐ranking
member like Haruhime.
Agreed... Renards may be a
rare breed, but I doubt
they care much about her.
[OUKA] Assuming it has
nothing to do with Haruhime,
why would the Ishtar
Familia do this?
That reminds me... Bell
did say something about
Ishtar recently...
[CHIGUSA] Huh?
[HESTIA] Yeah. I think he
mentioned something about
Hermes delivering a
special item to Ishtar...?
[LILI] Yeah. That's
right, he did.
What'd he call
it again?
[HESTIA] A "something"
stone, or whatever?
[TAKEMIKAZUCHI] (shock)
Was it... a "Killing Stone"?
[HESTIA] Oh yeah! That's
the one! (startled)
Are you sure?! Are you positive
he called it a "Killing Stone"?!
[HESTIA] Yeah... I am.
(TAKEMIKAZUCHI disturbed gasp)
[CHIGUSA] So um.. what's
a "Killing Stone"?
(TAKEMIKAZUCHI conflicted)
[TAKEMIKAZUCHI] Okay
listen. A Killing Stone
is an illegal magic item.
It takes a Renard's soul.
Their soul...?
For what purpose?
[TAKEMIKAZUCHI]
To put it simply..
By possessing the stone..
the user can wield "Sorcery"..
a powerful type of Renard magic.
It lets anyone control magic?
So, it's basically a tool?
(TAKEMIKAZUCHI affirmation)
Similar to magic swords.
[TAKEMIKAZUCHI] Not quite.
You might say it's even worse.
[TAKEMIKAZUCHI] Only a fragment
of a Killing Stone
is needed to utilize
its full effect.
Just a piece of it?
Yes. Even if it were
shattered to pieces..
just one sliver.. would be
enough to wield Sorcery.
(gasp)
(OUKA & CHIGUSA gasp)
(HESTIA gasp)
Which is why.. the stone
is smashed to pieces
as soon as a soul...
is sealed within.
Wait hold on a minute!
D'you say "Smashed"?
[CHIGUSA] Then what happens
to the soul that's trapped
inside of it?!
(OUKA gasp)
[CHIGUSA] What happens
to the Renard's soul?!
Hm...
Once the stone is broken..
it cannot go back together.
"The soul also shares.. the very
same fate. Once split.. it can
never be..." (gasp)
(MIKOTO angrily upset)
[MIKOTO] No...
[CHIGUSA] Haruhime...
(OUKA anger)
I see now..
And because Bell and Mikoto
got themselves involved...
Take?
[TAKEMIKAZUCHI] A ritual
must be performed in order
to transfer a Renard's soul
into a Killing Stone.
[TAKEMIKAZUCHI] It can
only be held on the
night of a full moon.
[OUKA] (gasp) Wait that means..
[TAKEMIKAZUCHI] That's right...
[TAKEMIKAZUCHI] It's tonight.
[BELL] So this is where it
leads.
[HARUHIME] Master Cranel...
[BELL] Huh?
(BELL anticipation)
[HARUHIME] Hurry. Now, run far
away.
[HARUHIME] Go.. Master Cranel.
Miss Haruhime... I think
you should come with me...!
I would but... This choker is
a magic item that keeps track
of my whereabouts.
My location.. is
known to Lady Ishtar
at all times.
Therefore.. I cannot
venture any farther.
[BELL] Why.. does she..?
[MIKOTO] Lady Haruhime!
[BELL] Huh?
(catching breath)
[BELL] Miss Mikoto!
[BELL] I'm glad you're.. huh?
[MIKOTO] I have just one thing
to ask you, Lady Haruhime!
[HARUHIME] What is it?
Do you know anything about..
the Killing Stone?
(HARUHIME gasp) (shame settle)
[MIKOTO] This is crazy.
[MIKOTO] You cannot be serious!
(HARUHIME surprised)
[MIKOTO] Tell me you're
not a sacrifice!
[BELL] You're a what..?
[AISHA] I had a feeling
this would happen.
(ALL gasp)
[HARUHIME] Haa!
Miss Aisha!
Consider yourself lucky
you weren't devoured by Phryne,
but you shouldn't
have stuck your nose
where it doesn't belong.
What exactly is it
you're trying to
accomplish here?!
[AISHA] We want war.
(BELL & MIKOTO gasp)
[AISHA] We're going to
crush the Freya Familia.
It is the divine will
of our almighty goddess.
But, that's crazy!
[AISHA] You think
it's impossible?
[AISHA] It's true, our enemy is
the strongest Familia in Orario.
However.. that's why
we have this Renard.
What does Miss Haruhime
have to do with it?
[AISHA] You fool..
[AISHA] She's powerful,
you know.
[AISHA] Don't you remember
our scuffle in the dungeon?
(BELL gasp)
[BELL] No way...
So that was...?!
[AISHA] That's right.
I had a Level Boost.
That's the sort of
Sorcery she possesses.
[AISHA] Tonight, Haruhime
will be our offering.
And in doing so, she will
become our strength.
(BELL shocked)
It makes no sense...
Now wait just a minute!
[BELL] I don't
understand any of this!
[BELL] Sacrifices, offerings...
[BELL] You keep talking like
Miss Haruhime is going to die!
[AISHA] Because she is.
She's sacrificing
her life tonight.
This plan has been set
in stone for a long time.
[BELL] How.. could you..
do that...? (confused/shocked)
[BELL] She's a part
of your Familia...
She's your family...!
How are you okay
with that!?
How can you treat her like
a disposable weapon!?
This is wrong... and I
will not stand for it!
Such a passionate speech.
[AISHA] Are you going
to take her from me?
[AISHA] I suppose
it's war, then.
We'll take out your
Familia, too!
(BELL & MIKOTO gasp)
[AISHA] Let me tell you the
story of a lowly prostitute.
(BELL confused)
[AISHA] There was a certain
person the prostitute hated
with every fiber of her being.
She was a little Renard brat
who came from the Far East.
(HARUHIME react)
[AISHA] This impudent child had
gotten herself tricked and sold
off by some low‐life before
finally drifting into town.
[AISHA] The prostitute took care
of her, but the Renard scamp had
this dumb, empty smile like she
had given up hope.
[AISHA] She never
opened up to anyone.
[AISHA] She knew
nothing of the world.
[AISHA] She didn't even cry.
[AISHA] The prostitute loathed
the brat, despised her even...
[AISHA] Until one day.. she took
out her anger in a foolish way.
[AISHA] She destroyed a very
important stone that had been
brought to her home.
(glass shattering)
[AISHA] Naturally, everyone
found out what the prostitute
had done.
[AISHA] She was beaten within
an inch of her life by a
hideous toad of a woman...
[AISHA] And then...
...and then...
[AISHA] She was charmed and
abused to the point of
insanity at the hands
of her very own goddess.
And so now.. that stupid
prostitute can't bring
herself to defy her goddess.
Now do you understand
our Familia?
(BELL gasp)
[AISHA] So, Little Rookie.
[BELL] Huh?
[AISHA] What are
you going to do?
[AISHA] Are you going to
come take her from me?
(BELL conflicted)
[AISHA] Why do you waver?
What's there to think about?
[BELL] I just...
[AISHA] Is she really worth
nothing more than your pity?
[BELL] Wait, I..!
[AISHA] Why the hesitation then?
(BELL gasp)
Your Familia too precious?
(BELL helpless)
[AISHA] Are you afraid of going
to war?
[AISHA] Is that why
you refuse to act?!
(BELL conflicted)
[AISHA] I expected more
out of you, Bell Cranel.
[AISHA] I cannot
let you take Haruhime.
[AISHA] That's not
the face of a man.
It's one of a spineless coward.
A boy who can't make
up his own mind.
[AISHA] You can't bring
your self to make the
sacrifice can you?
[LENA] Aisha!
[LENA] Oh there you are,
Little Rookie!
[LENA] Why aren't you
trying to catch him?
[HARUHIME](gasp)
Please! Just run!
Master Bell...
[MIKOTO] Master Bell!
(MIKOTO gasp)
[LENA] Why aren't you going
after them? I'll just help
myself then!
Hey now! It's not fair
if you get a head start!
(HARUHIME effort)
[AISHA] Oh, cut it out..
quit your blubbering.
(HARUHIME gasp)
(HARUHIME pain)
(confusion/spectating)
[BELL] I..
[CLOSING SONG,
"Sasayaka na Shukusai"]
[HESTIA] Next time: "Barbera."